# AllocationItem

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AllocationItemId** | **string** | The allocation item ID generated by Cobo. | 
**BatchAllocationId** | **string** | The batch allocation ID generated by Cobo. | 
**TokenId** | **string** | The ID of the cryptocurrency you want to allocation. Supported values:  - USDC: &#x60;ETH_USDC&#x60;, &#x60;ARBITRUM_USDC&#x60;, &#x60;SOL_USDC&#x60;, &#x60;BASE_USDC&#x60;, &#x60;MATIC_USDC&#x60;, &#x60;BSC_USDC&#x60; - USDT: &#x60;TRON_USDT&#x60;, &#x60;ETH_USDT&#x60;, &#x60;ARBITRUM_USDT&#x60;, &#x60;SOL_USDT&#x60;, &#x60;BASE_USDT&#x60;, &#x60;MATIC_USDT&#x60;, &#x60;BSC_USDT&#x60;  | 
**Amount** | **string** | The allocation amount.  | 
**SourceAccount** | Pointer to **string** | The source account from which the allocation will be deducted. - If the source account is a merchant account, provide the merchant&#39;s ID (e.g., \&quot;M1001\&quot;). - If the source account is the developer account, use the string &#x60;\&quot;developer\&quot;&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**DestinationAccount** | Pointer to **string** | The destination account to which the allocation will be credited. - If the destination account is a merchant account, provide the merchant&#39;s ID (e.g., \&quot;M1001\&quot;). - If the destination account is the developer account, use the string &#x60;\&quot;developer\&quot;&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**Description** | **string** | The description of the allocation item. | 

## Methods

### NewAllocationItem

`func NewAllocationItem(allocationItemId string, batchAllocationId string, tokenId string, amount string, description string, ) *AllocationItem`

NewAllocationItem instantiates a new AllocationItem object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAllocationItemWithDefaults

`func NewAllocationItemWithDefaults() *AllocationItem`

NewAllocationItemWithDefaults instantiates a new AllocationItem object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAllocationItemId

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetAllocationItemId() string`

GetAllocationItemId returns the AllocationItemId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllocationItemIdOk

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetAllocationItemIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAllocationItemIdOk returns a tuple with the AllocationItemId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllocationItemId

`func (o *AllocationItem) SetAllocationItemId(v string)`

SetAllocationItemId sets AllocationItemId field to given value.


### GetBatchAllocationId

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetBatchAllocationId() string`

GetBatchAllocationId returns the BatchAllocationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBatchAllocationIdOk

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetBatchAllocationIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBatchAllocationIdOk returns a tuple with the BatchAllocationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBatchAllocationId

`func (o *AllocationItem) SetBatchAllocationId(v string)`

SetBatchAllocationId sets BatchAllocationId field to given value.


### GetTokenId

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetTokenId() string`

GetTokenId returns the TokenId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTokenIdOk

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetTokenIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTokenIdOk returns a tuple with the TokenId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTokenId

`func (o *AllocationItem) SetTokenId(v string)`

SetTokenId sets TokenId field to given value.


### GetAmount

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetAmount() string`

GetAmount returns the Amount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmountOk

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetAmountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAmountOk returns a tuple with the Amount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmount

`func (o *AllocationItem) SetAmount(v string)`

SetAmount sets Amount field to given value.


### GetSourceAccount

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetSourceAccount() string`

GetSourceAccount returns the SourceAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSourceAccountOk

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetSourceAccountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSourceAccountOk returns a tuple with the SourceAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSourceAccount

`func (o *AllocationItem) SetSourceAccount(v string)`

SetSourceAccount sets SourceAccount field to given value.

### HasSourceAccount

`func (o *AllocationItem) HasSourceAccount() bool`

HasSourceAccount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDestinationAccount

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetDestinationAccount() string`

GetDestinationAccount returns the DestinationAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDestinationAccountOk

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetDestinationAccountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDestinationAccountOk returns a tuple with the DestinationAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDestinationAccount

`func (o *AllocationItem) SetDestinationAccount(v string)`

SetDestinationAccount sets DestinationAccount field to given value.

### HasDestinationAccount

`func (o *AllocationItem) HasDestinationAccount() bool`

HasDestinationAccount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDescription

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *AllocationItem) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *AllocationItem) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


