# BatchAllocation

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**BatchAllocationId** | **string** | The batch allocation ID generated by Cobo. | 
**RequestId** | **string** | The request ID provided by you when creating the batch allocation. | 
**AllocationParams** | Pointer to [**[]AllocationParam**](AllocationParam.md) |  | [optional] 
**Initiator** | Pointer to **string** | The initiator of this batch allocation, usually the API key you used to create the batch allocation. | [optional] 
**CreatedTimestamp** | **int32** | The created time of the batch allocation, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | 
**UpdatedTimestamp** | **int32** | The updated time of the batch allocation, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | 

## Methods

### NewBatchAllocation

`func NewBatchAllocation(batchAllocationId string, requestId string, createdTimestamp int32, updatedTimestamp int32, ) *BatchAllocation`

NewBatchAllocation instantiates a new BatchAllocation object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewBatchAllocationWithDefaults

`func NewBatchAllocationWithDefaults() *BatchAllocation`

NewBatchAllocationWithDefaults instantiates a new BatchAllocation object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetBatchAllocationId

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetBatchAllocationId() string`

GetBatchAllocationId returns the BatchAllocationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBatchAllocationIdOk

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetBatchAllocationIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBatchAllocationIdOk returns a tuple with the BatchAllocationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBatchAllocationId

`func (o *BatchAllocation) SetBatchAllocationId(v string)`

SetBatchAllocationId sets BatchAllocationId field to given value.


### GetRequestId

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetRequestId() string`

GetRequestId returns the RequestId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequestIdOk

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetRequestIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRequestIdOk returns a tuple with the RequestId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequestId

`func (o *BatchAllocation) SetRequestId(v string)`

SetRequestId sets RequestId field to given value.


### GetAllocationParams

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetAllocationParams() []AllocationParam`

GetAllocationParams returns the AllocationParams field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllocationParamsOk

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetAllocationParamsOk() (*[]AllocationParam, bool)`

GetAllocationParamsOk returns a tuple with the AllocationParams field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllocationParams

`func (o *BatchAllocation) SetAllocationParams(v []AllocationParam)`

SetAllocationParams sets AllocationParams field to given value.

### HasAllocationParams

`func (o *BatchAllocation) HasAllocationParams() bool`

HasAllocationParams returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInitiator

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetInitiator() string`

GetInitiator returns the Initiator field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInitiatorOk

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetInitiatorOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInitiatorOk returns a tuple with the Initiator field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInitiator

`func (o *BatchAllocation) SetInitiator(v string)`

SetInitiator sets Initiator field to given value.

### HasInitiator

`func (o *BatchAllocation) HasInitiator() bool`

HasInitiator returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetCreatedTimestamp() int32`

GetCreatedTimestamp returns the CreatedTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedTimestampOk

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetCreatedTimestampOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCreatedTimestampOk returns a tuple with the CreatedTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *BatchAllocation) SetCreatedTimestamp(v int32)`

SetCreatedTimestamp sets CreatedTimestamp field to given value.


### GetUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetUpdatedTimestamp() int32`

GetUpdatedTimestamp returns the UpdatedTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedTimestampOk

`func (o *BatchAllocation) GetUpdatedTimestampOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUpdatedTimestampOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *BatchAllocation) SetUpdatedTimestamp(v int32)`

SetUpdatedTimestamp sets UpdatedTimestamp field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


