# PaymentPayoutEvent

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**DataType** | **string** |  The data type of the event. - &#x60;Transaction&#x60;: The transaction event data. - &#x60;TSSRequest&#x60;: The TSS request event data. - &#x60;Addresses&#x60;: The addresses event data. - &#x60;WalletInfo&#x60;: The wallet information event data. - &#x60;MPCVault&#x60;: The MPC vault event data. - &#x60;Chains&#x60;: The enabled chain event data. - &#x60;Tokens&#x60;: The enabled token event data. - &#x60;TokenListing&#x60;: The token listing event data.        - &#x60;PaymentOrder&#x60;: The payment order event data. - &#x60;PaymentRefund&#x60;: The payment refund event data. - &#x60;PaymentSettlement&#x60;: The payment settlement event data. - &#x60;PaymentTransaction&#x60;: The payment transaction event data. - &#x60;PaymentAddressUpdate&#x60;: The top-up address update event data. - &#x60;PaymentPayout&#x60;: The payment payout event data. - &#x60;PaymentBulkSend&#x60;: The payment bulk send event data. - &#x60;BalanceUpdateInfo&#x60;: The balance update event data. - &#x60;SuspendedToken&#x60;: The token suspension event data. - &#x60;ComplianceDisposition&#x60;: The compliance disposition event data. - &#x60;ComplianceKytScreenings&#x60;: The compliance KYT screenings event data. - &#x60;ComplianceKyaScreenings&#x60;: The compliance KYA screenings event data. | 
**PayoutId** | **string** | The payout ID generated by Cobo. | 
**RequestId** | **string** | The request ID provided by you when creating the payout. | 
**PayoutChannel** | [**PayoutChannel**](PayoutChannel.md) |  | 
**SourceAccount** | Pointer to **string** | The source account from which the payout will be made. - If the source account is a merchant account, provide the merchant&#39;s ID (e.g., \&quot;M1001\&quot;). - If the source account is the developer account, use the string &#x60;\&quot;developer\&quot;&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**PayoutItems** | Pointer to [**[]PaymentPayoutItem**](PaymentPayoutItem.md) | required | [optional] 
**RecipientInfo** | Pointer to [**PaymentPayoutRecipientInfo**](PaymentPayoutRecipientInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**Initiator** | Pointer to **string** | The initiator of this payout, usually the user&#39;s API key. | [optional] 
**ActualPayoutAmount** | Pointer to **string** | - For &#x60;Crypto&#x60; payouts: The amount of cryptocurrency sent to the recipient&#39;s address, denominated in the token specified in &#x60;recipient_info.token_id&#x60;. - For &#x60;OffRamp&#x60; payouts: The amount of fiat currency sent to the recipient&#39;s bank account, denominated in the currency specified in &#x60;recipient_info.currency&#x60;. (Note: The actual amount received may be lower due to additional bank transfer fees.)  | [optional] 
**Status** | [**PaymentPayoutStatus**](PaymentPayoutStatus.md) |  | 
**Remark** | Pointer to **string** | A note or comment about the payout. | [optional] 
**CreatedTimestamp** | **int32** | The created time of the payout, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | 
**UpdatedTimestamp** | **int32** | The updated time of the payout, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | 
**Transactions** | Pointer to [**[]PaymentTransaction**](PaymentTransaction.md) | An array of payout transactions. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewPaymentPayoutEvent

`func NewPaymentPayoutEvent(dataType string, payoutId string, requestId string, payoutChannel PayoutChannel, status PaymentPayoutStatus, createdTimestamp int32, updatedTimestamp int32, ) *PaymentPayoutEvent`

NewPaymentPayoutEvent instantiates a new PaymentPayoutEvent object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPaymentPayoutEventWithDefaults

`func NewPaymentPayoutEventWithDefaults() *PaymentPayoutEvent`

NewPaymentPayoutEventWithDefaults instantiates a new PaymentPayoutEvent object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetDataType

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetDataType() string`

GetDataType returns the DataType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataTypeOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetDataTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDataTypeOk returns a tuple with the DataType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDataType

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetDataType(v string)`

SetDataType sets DataType field to given value.


### GetPayoutId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetPayoutId() string`

GetPayoutId returns the PayoutId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayoutIdOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetPayoutIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPayoutIdOk returns a tuple with the PayoutId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayoutId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetPayoutId(v string)`

SetPayoutId sets PayoutId field to given value.


### GetRequestId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetRequestId() string`

GetRequestId returns the RequestId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequestIdOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetRequestIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRequestIdOk returns a tuple with the RequestId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequestId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetRequestId(v string)`

SetRequestId sets RequestId field to given value.


### GetPayoutChannel

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetPayoutChannel() PayoutChannel`

GetPayoutChannel returns the PayoutChannel field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayoutChannelOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetPayoutChannelOk() (*PayoutChannel, bool)`

GetPayoutChannelOk returns a tuple with the PayoutChannel field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayoutChannel

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetPayoutChannel(v PayoutChannel)`

SetPayoutChannel sets PayoutChannel field to given value.


### GetSourceAccount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetSourceAccount() string`

GetSourceAccount returns the SourceAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSourceAccountOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetSourceAccountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSourceAccountOk returns a tuple with the SourceAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSourceAccount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetSourceAccount(v string)`

SetSourceAccount sets SourceAccount field to given value.

### HasSourceAccount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) HasSourceAccount() bool`

HasSourceAccount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPayoutItems

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetPayoutItems() []PaymentPayoutItem`

GetPayoutItems returns the PayoutItems field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayoutItemsOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetPayoutItemsOk() (*[]PaymentPayoutItem, bool)`

GetPayoutItemsOk returns a tuple with the PayoutItems field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayoutItems

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetPayoutItems(v []PaymentPayoutItem)`

SetPayoutItems sets PayoutItems field to given value.

### HasPayoutItems

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) HasPayoutItems() bool`

HasPayoutItems returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecipientInfo

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetRecipientInfo() PaymentPayoutRecipientInfo`

GetRecipientInfo returns the RecipientInfo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecipientInfoOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetRecipientInfoOk() (*PaymentPayoutRecipientInfo, bool)`

GetRecipientInfoOk returns a tuple with the RecipientInfo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecipientInfo

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetRecipientInfo(v PaymentPayoutRecipientInfo)`

SetRecipientInfo sets RecipientInfo field to given value.

### HasRecipientInfo

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) HasRecipientInfo() bool`

HasRecipientInfo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInitiator

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetInitiator() string`

GetInitiator returns the Initiator field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInitiatorOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetInitiatorOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInitiatorOk returns a tuple with the Initiator field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInitiator

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetInitiator(v string)`

SetInitiator sets Initiator field to given value.

### HasInitiator

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) HasInitiator() bool`

HasInitiator returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActualPayoutAmount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetActualPayoutAmount() string`

GetActualPayoutAmount returns the ActualPayoutAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActualPayoutAmountOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetActualPayoutAmountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActualPayoutAmountOk returns a tuple with the ActualPayoutAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActualPayoutAmount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetActualPayoutAmount(v string)`

SetActualPayoutAmount sets ActualPayoutAmount field to given value.

### HasActualPayoutAmount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) HasActualPayoutAmount() bool`

HasActualPayoutAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetStatus() PaymentPayoutStatus`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetStatusOk() (*PaymentPayoutStatus, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetStatus(v PaymentPayoutStatus)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.


### GetRemark

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetRemark() string`

GetRemark returns the Remark field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRemarkOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetRemarkOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRemarkOk returns a tuple with the Remark field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRemark

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetRemark(v string)`

SetRemark sets Remark field to given value.

### HasRemark

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) HasRemark() bool`

HasRemark returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetCreatedTimestamp() int32`

GetCreatedTimestamp returns the CreatedTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedTimestampOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetCreatedTimestampOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCreatedTimestampOk returns a tuple with the CreatedTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetCreatedTimestamp(v int32)`

SetCreatedTimestamp sets CreatedTimestamp field to given value.


### GetUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetUpdatedTimestamp() int32`

GetUpdatedTimestamp returns the UpdatedTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedTimestampOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetUpdatedTimestampOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUpdatedTimestampOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetUpdatedTimestamp(v int32)`

SetUpdatedTimestamp sets UpdatedTimestamp field to given value.


### GetTransactions

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetTransactions() []PaymentTransaction`

GetTransactions returns the Transactions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransactionsOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) GetTransactionsOk() (*[]PaymentTransaction, bool)`

GetTransactionsOk returns a tuple with the Transactions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransactions

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) SetTransactions(v []PaymentTransaction)`

SetTransactions sets Transactions field to given value.

### HasTransactions

`func (o *PaymentPayoutEvent) HasTransactions() bool`

HasTransactions returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


