# PaymentPayoutItem

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**PayoutItemId** | **string** | The payout item ID generated by Cobo. | 
**PayoutId** | **string** | The payout ID generated by Cobo. | 
**TokenId** | Pointer to **string** | The token id of the payout item. | [optional] 
**ChainId** | Pointer to **string** | The ID of the blockchain network on which the payout item occurred. | [optional] 
**Amount** | **string** | The payout item token_id amount.  | 
**Status** | [**PaymentPayoutItemStatus**](PaymentPayoutItemStatus.md) |  | 
**SourceAccount** | **string** |  | 
**Transactions** | Pointer to [**[]PaymentTransaction**](PaymentTransaction.md) | An array of transactions associated with this payout item request. Each transaction represents a separate blockchain operation related to the payout item process. | [optional] 
**CreatedTimestamp** | Pointer to **int32** | The created time of the payout item, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**UpdatedTimestamp** | Pointer to **int32** | The updated time of the payout item, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**CryptoAddressId** | Pointer to **string** | Unique identifier for the pre-approved crypto address, used to reference the address securely in requests. | [optional] 
**CryptoAddress** | Pointer to **string** | The actual blockchain address to which funds were transferred. | [optional] 
**CommissionFee** | Pointer to [**CommissionFee**](CommissionFee.md) |  | [optional] 
**BridgingFee** | Pointer to [**BridgingFee**](BridgingFee.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewPaymentPayoutItem

`func NewPaymentPayoutItem(payoutItemId string, payoutId string, amount string, status PaymentPayoutItemStatus, sourceAccount string, ) *PaymentPayoutItem`

NewPaymentPayoutItem instantiates a new PaymentPayoutItem object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPaymentPayoutItemWithDefaults

`func NewPaymentPayoutItemWithDefaults() *PaymentPayoutItem`

NewPaymentPayoutItemWithDefaults instantiates a new PaymentPayoutItem object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetPayoutItemId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetPayoutItemId() string`

GetPayoutItemId returns the PayoutItemId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayoutItemIdOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetPayoutItemIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPayoutItemIdOk returns a tuple with the PayoutItemId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayoutItemId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetPayoutItemId(v string)`

SetPayoutItemId sets PayoutItemId field to given value.


### GetPayoutId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetPayoutId() string`

GetPayoutId returns the PayoutId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayoutIdOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetPayoutIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPayoutIdOk returns a tuple with the PayoutId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayoutId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetPayoutId(v string)`

SetPayoutId sets PayoutId field to given value.


### GetTokenId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetTokenId() string`

GetTokenId returns the TokenId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTokenIdOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetTokenIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTokenIdOk returns a tuple with the TokenId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTokenId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetTokenId(v string)`

SetTokenId sets TokenId field to given value.

### HasTokenId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) HasTokenId() bool`

HasTokenId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetChainId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetChainId() string`

GetChainId returns the ChainId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetChainIdOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetChainIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetChainIdOk returns a tuple with the ChainId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetChainId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetChainId(v string)`

SetChainId sets ChainId field to given value.

### HasChainId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) HasChainId() bool`

HasChainId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAmount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetAmount() string`

GetAmount returns the Amount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmountOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetAmountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAmountOk returns a tuple with the Amount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetAmount(v string)`

SetAmount sets Amount field to given value.


### GetStatus

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetStatus() PaymentPayoutItemStatus`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetStatusOk() (*PaymentPayoutItemStatus, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetStatus(v PaymentPayoutItemStatus)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.


### GetSourceAccount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetSourceAccount() string`

GetSourceAccount returns the SourceAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSourceAccountOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetSourceAccountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSourceAccountOk returns a tuple with the SourceAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSourceAccount

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetSourceAccount(v string)`

SetSourceAccount sets SourceAccount field to given value.


### GetTransactions

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetTransactions() []PaymentTransaction`

GetTransactions returns the Transactions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransactionsOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetTransactionsOk() (*[]PaymentTransaction, bool)`

GetTransactionsOk returns a tuple with the Transactions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransactions

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetTransactions(v []PaymentTransaction)`

SetTransactions sets Transactions field to given value.

### HasTransactions

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) HasTransactions() bool`

HasTransactions returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetCreatedTimestamp() int32`

GetCreatedTimestamp returns the CreatedTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedTimestampOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetCreatedTimestampOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCreatedTimestampOk returns a tuple with the CreatedTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetCreatedTimestamp(v int32)`

SetCreatedTimestamp sets CreatedTimestamp field to given value.

### HasCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) HasCreatedTimestamp() bool`

HasCreatedTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetUpdatedTimestamp() int32`

GetUpdatedTimestamp returns the UpdatedTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedTimestampOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetUpdatedTimestampOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUpdatedTimestampOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetUpdatedTimestamp(v int32)`

SetUpdatedTimestamp sets UpdatedTimestamp field to given value.

### HasUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) HasUpdatedTimestamp() bool`

HasUpdatedTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCryptoAddressId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetCryptoAddressId() string`

GetCryptoAddressId returns the CryptoAddressId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCryptoAddressIdOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetCryptoAddressIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCryptoAddressIdOk returns a tuple with the CryptoAddressId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCryptoAddressId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetCryptoAddressId(v string)`

SetCryptoAddressId sets CryptoAddressId field to given value.

### HasCryptoAddressId

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) HasCryptoAddressId() bool`

HasCryptoAddressId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCryptoAddress

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetCryptoAddress() string`

GetCryptoAddress returns the CryptoAddress field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCryptoAddressOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetCryptoAddressOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCryptoAddressOk returns a tuple with the CryptoAddress field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCryptoAddress

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetCryptoAddress(v string)`

SetCryptoAddress sets CryptoAddress field to given value.

### HasCryptoAddress

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) HasCryptoAddress() bool`

HasCryptoAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCommissionFee

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetCommissionFee() CommissionFee`

GetCommissionFee returns the CommissionFee field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommissionFeeOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetCommissionFeeOk() (*CommissionFee, bool)`

GetCommissionFeeOk returns a tuple with the CommissionFee field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCommissionFee

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetCommissionFee(v CommissionFee)`

SetCommissionFee sets CommissionFee field to given value.

### HasCommissionFee

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) HasCommissionFee() bool`

HasCommissionFee returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBridgingFee

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetBridgingFee() BridgingFee`

GetBridgingFee returns the BridgingFee field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBridgingFeeOk

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) GetBridgingFeeOk() (*BridgingFee, bool)`

GetBridgingFeeOk returns a tuple with the BridgingFee field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBridgingFee

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) SetBridgingFee(v BridgingFee)`

SetBridgingFee sets BridgingFee field to given value.

### HasBridgingFee

`func (o *PaymentPayoutItem) HasBridgingFee() bool`

HasBridgingFee returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


