# PaymentSettlementEvent

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**DataType** | **string** |  The data type of the event. - &#x60;Transaction&#x60;: The transaction event data. - &#x60;TSSRequest&#x60;: The TSS request event data. - &#x60;Addresses&#x60;: The addresses event data. - &#x60;WalletInfo&#x60;: The wallet information event data. - &#x60;MPCVault&#x60;: The MPC vault event data. - &#x60;Chains&#x60;: The enabled chain event data. - &#x60;Tokens&#x60;: The enabled token event data. - &#x60;TokenListing&#x60;: The token listing event data.        - &#x60;PaymentOrder&#x60;: The payment order event data. - &#x60;PaymentRefund&#x60;: The payment refund event data. - &#x60;PaymentSettlement&#x60;: The payment settlement event data. - &#x60;PaymentTransaction&#x60;: The payment transaction event data. - &#x60;PaymentAddressUpdate&#x60;: The top-up address update event data. - &#x60;PaymentPayout&#x60;: The payment payout event data. - &#x60;PaymentBulkSend&#x60;: The payment bulk send event data. - &#x60;BalanceUpdateInfo&#x60;: The balance update event data. - &#x60;SuspendedToken&#x60;: The token suspension event data. - &#x60;ComplianceDisposition&#x60;: The compliance disposition event data. - &#x60;ComplianceKytScreenings&#x60;: The compliance KYT screenings event data. - &#x60;ComplianceKyaScreenings&#x60;: The compliance KYA screenings event data. | 
**SettlementRequestId** | **string** | The settlement request ID generated by Cobo. | 
**RequestId** | **string** | The request ID provided by you when creating the settlement request. | 
**Status** | [**SettleRequestStatus**](SettleRequestStatus.md) |  | 
**Settlements** | [**[]SettlementDetail**](SettlementDetail.md) |  | 
**CreatedTimestamp** | Pointer to **int32** | The created time of the settlement request, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**UpdatedTimestamp** | Pointer to **int32** | The updated time of the settlement request, represented as a UNIX timestamp in seconds. | [optional] 
**Initiator** | Pointer to **string** |  The initiator of this settlement request. Can return either an API key or the Payments App&#39;s ID.  - Format &#x60;api_key_&lt;API_KEY&gt;&#x60;: Indicates the settlement request was initiated via the Payments API using the API key. - Format &#x60;app_&lt;APP_ID&gt;&#x60;: Indicates the settlement request was initiated through the Payments App using the App ID.  | [optional] 
**AcquiringType** | Pointer to [**AcquiringType**](AcquiringType.md) |  | [optional] 
**PayoutChannel** | Pointer to [**PayoutChannel**](PayoutChannel.md) |  | [optional] 
**SettlementType** | Pointer to [**SettlementType**](SettlementType.md) |  | [optional] 
**Currency** | Pointer to **string** | The fiat currency for the off-ramp. | [optional] 
**ReceivedAmountFiat** | Pointer to **string** | The estimated amount of the fiat currency to receive after off-ramping. This amount is subject to change due to bank transfer fees. | [optional] 
**BankAccount** | Pointer to [**BankAccount**](BankAccount.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewPaymentSettlementEvent

`func NewPaymentSettlementEvent(dataType string, settlementRequestId string, requestId string, status SettleRequestStatus, settlements []SettlementDetail, ) *PaymentSettlementEvent`

NewPaymentSettlementEvent instantiates a new PaymentSettlementEvent object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPaymentSettlementEventWithDefaults

`func NewPaymentSettlementEventWithDefaults() *PaymentSettlementEvent`

NewPaymentSettlementEventWithDefaults instantiates a new PaymentSettlementEvent object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetDataType

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetDataType() string`

GetDataType returns the DataType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataTypeOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetDataTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDataTypeOk returns a tuple with the DataType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDataType

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetDataType(v string)`

SetDataType sets DataType field to given value.


### GetSettlementRequestId

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetSettlementRequestId() string`

GetSettlementRequestId returns the SettlementRequestId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSettlementRequestIdOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetSettlementRequestIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSettlementRequestIdOk returns a tuple with the SettlementRequestId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSettlementRequestId

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetSettlementRequestId(v string)`

SetSettlementRequestId sets SettlementRequestId field to given value.


### GetRequestId

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetRequestId() string`

GetRequestId returns the RequestId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequestIdOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetRequestIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRequestIdOk returns a tuple with the RequestId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequestId

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetRequestId(v string)`

SetRequestId sets RequestId field to given value.


### GetStatus

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetStatus() SettleRequestStatus`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetStatusOk() (*SettleRequestStatus, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetStatus(v SettleRequestStatus)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.


### GetSettlements

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetSettlements() []SettlementDetail`

GetSettlements returns the Settlements field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSettlementsOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetSettlementsOk() (*[]SettlementDetail, bool)`

GetSettlementsOk returns a tuple with the Settlements field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSettlements

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetSettlements(v []SettlementDetail)`

SetSettlements sets Settlements field to given value.


### GetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetCreatedTimestamp() int32`

GetCreatedTimestamp returns the CreatedTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedTimestampOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetCreatedTimestampOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCreatedTimestampOk returns a tuple with the CreatedTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetCreatedTimestamp(v int32)`

SetCreatedTimestamp sets CreatedTimestamp field to given value.

### HasCreatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) HasCreatedTimestamp() bool`

HasCreatedTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetUpdatedTimestamp() int32`

GetUpdatedTimestamp returns the UpdatedTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedTimestampOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetUpdatedTimestampOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUpdatedTimestampOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetUpdatedTimestamp(v int32)`

SetUpdatedTimestamp sets UpdatedTimestamp field to given value.

### HasUpdatedTimestamp

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) HasUpdatedTimestamp() bool`

HasUpdatedTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInitiator

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetInitiator() string`

GetInitiator returns the Initiator field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInitiatorOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetInitiatorOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInitiatorOk returns a tuple with the Initiator field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInitiator

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetInitiator(v string)`

SetInitiator sets Initiator field to given value.

### HasInitiator

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) HasInitiator() bool`

HasInitiator returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAcquiringType

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetAcquiringType() AcquiringType`

GetAcquiringType returns the AcquiringType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAcquiringTypeOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetAcquiringTypeOk() (*AcquiringType, bool)`

GetAcquiringTypeOk returns a tuple with the AcquiringType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAcquiringType

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetAcquiringType(v AcquiringType)`

SetAcquiringType sets AcquiringType field to given value.

### HasAcquiringType

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) HasAcquiringType() bool`

HasAcquiringType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPayoutChannel

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetPayoutChannel() PayoutChannel`

GetPayoutChannel returns the PayoutChannel field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayoutChannelOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetPayoutChannelOk() (*PayoutChannel, bool)`

GetPayoutChannelOk returns a tuple with the PayoutChannel field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayoutChannel

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetPayoutChannel(v PayoutChannel)`

SetPayoutChannel sets PayoutChannel field to given value.

### HasPayoutChannel

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) HasPayoutChannel() bool`

HasPayoutChannel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSettlementType

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetSettlementType() SettlementType`

GetSettlementType returns the SettlementType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSettlementTypeOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetSettlementTypeOk() (*SettlementType, bool)`

GetSettlementTypeOk returns a tuple with the SettlementType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSettlementType

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetSettlementType(v SettlementType)`

SetSettlementType sets SettlementType field to given value.

### HasSettlementType

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) HasSettlementType() bool`

HasSettlementType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrency

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetCurrency() string`

GetCurrency returns the Currency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the Currency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrency

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetCurrency(v string)`

SetCurrency sets Currency field to given value.

### HasCurrency

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) HasCurrency() bool`

HasCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReceivedAmountFiat

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetReceivedAmountFiat() string`

GetReceivedAmountFiat returns the ReceivedAmountFiat field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReceivedAmountFiatOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetReceivedAmountFiatOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReceivedAmountFiatOk returns a tuple with the ReceivedAmountFiat field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReceivedAmountFiat

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetReceivedAmountFiat(v string)`

SetReceivedAmountFiat sets ReceivedAmountFiat field to given value.

### HasReceivedAmountFiat

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) HasReceivedAmountFiat() bool`

HasReceivedAmountFiat returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBankAccount

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetBankAccount() BankAccount`

GetBankAccount returns the BankAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBankAccountOk

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) GetBankAccountOk() (*BankAccount, bool)`

GetBankAccountOk returns a tuple with the BankAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBankAccount

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) SetBankAccount(v BankAccount)`

SetBankAccount sets BankAccount field to given value.

### HasBankAccount

`func (o *PaymentSettlementEvent) HasBankAccount() bool`

HasBankAccount returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


